Add operation definition profiles (#24)
HL7/crmi-ig: input/pages/operations.md

{: #operations}

OperationDefinitions that involve canonical resources may conform to one or more
of the following profiles. This allows conventionalize operation paramater
names, types, and processing semantics.

| **Operation Profile**               | **Purpose**                                                                 |
|-------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Canonical][1]                      | Defines parameters used to identify canonical resource                      |

> | [Versionable][2]                    | Defines parameters used to specify missing versions in canonical references |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Version Bindable][2]               | Defines parameters used to specify missing versions in canonical references |
```

| [Manifestable][3]                   | Defines parameters used to provide a version manifest                       |
| [Pagable][4]                        | Defines parameters for an operation with pagable options                    |
| [Artifact Endpoint Configurable][5] | Defines parameters to provide endpoints to resolve canonical artifacts      |
| [Data Configurable][6]              | Defines parameters to specify how to resolve data requirements              |

[1]: StructureDefinition-crmi-canonical-operation.html

> [2]: StructureDefinition-crmi-versionable-operation.html

Author: ```suggestion
[2]: StructureDefinition-crmi-version-bindable-operation.html
```
